---
title: Log in to the Rackspace Technology customer portal
---

When you become a Rackspace Technology customer, we provide you with
access to customer portals for managing your cloud accounts. These
portals are different for [Public
Cloud](https://www.rackspace.com/cloud/public) and [Private
Cloud](https://www.rackspace.com/cloud/private) customers.

# The account registration code

Rackspace Technology uses an account registration code to verify new
users. When an account administrator adds you as a user, you receive an
email with your account registration code and instructions on how to log
in to the [Rackspace Technology Customer
Portal](https://login.rackspace.com) for the first time. You need this
registration code only during your first login or if you forget your
user name.

The primary contact on the account is the only person who can change
this code. When the primary contact adds a user, the user receives a
registration code.

If you are the primary contact on the account and you forget the code or
need to reset your login, contact your account manager or Rackspace
Technology Support.

# The global navigation menu

Although the Rackspace Technology customer portal is different for
[Public Cloud](https://www.rackspace.com/cloud/public) and [Private
Cloud](https://www.rackspace.com/cloud/private) customers, both portals
include a global navigation menu that allows you to complete common
tasks easily.

To access the global navigation menu:

1.  Log in to the [Rackspace Technology Customer
    Portal](https://login.rackspace.com).
2.  Select from the global navigation dropdown menu items.

![\*\*charges to date\*\*](/_images/global_nav.png)
